v8.1 Release Notes (#6551)
mattermost/docs: source/install/self-managed-changelog.md

 - Added a new feature flag, ``DataRetentionConcurrencyEnabled``, to enable/disable concurrency for data retention batch deletion. Also added a new configuration setting  ``DataRetentionSettings.TimeBetweenBatchesMilliseconds`` to control the sleep time between batch deletions.
 - Added a setting under **System Console > Authentication > Guest Access > Show Guest Tag** to remove the **Guest** badges from within the product.
- Added Apache 2.0 license to the public submodule, explicitly signalling to [pkg.go.dev](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/mattermost/mattermost/server/public@v0.0.6) the license in play for this source code.
 - Added the ability for admins to hide or customize the **Forgot password** link on the login page.

### Bug Fixes
 - Fixed an issue where scrollbars were not visible enough on the **File Preview** screen.
 - Fixed an issue where SAML Admin Attribute only compared the first value instead of looping through the assertion values array.
 - Fixed an issue where updates to recent emojis were not batched when multiple emojis were posted at once.
 - Reverted a change that could cause the webapp to forget the current user's authentication method.

>  - Fixed an issue where a "Seeker can't seek" error was displayed when viewing older image attachments.

Reviewer: This is not applicable in on-prem installations.

- [Release v8.0 - Major Release](#release-v8-0-major-release)
- [Release v7.11 - Feature Release](#release-v7-11-feature-release)
- [Release v7.10 - Feature Release](#release-v7-10-feature-release)
- [Release v7.8 - Extended Support Release](#release-v7-8-extended-support-release)

## Release v8.1 - [Extended Support Release](https://docs.mattermost.com/upgrade/release-definitions.html#extended-support-release-esr)

**Release day: August 16, 2023**

### Improvements

#### User Interface (UI)
 - Updated the user interface for the **Browse channels** modal.
 - Increased the nickname field in the user interface from 22 to 64 characters.
 - Updated links to documentation in the **System Console**.
 - Emoji size is now in scale with the text size in the channel header.
 - The emoji picker view modal is now displayed on mobile browsers.
 - Prepackaged v1.2.2 of the Apps plugin.
 - Prepackaged Focalboard plugin version 7.11.2.
 - Pre-packaged Playbooks plugin version 1.38.0.
 - The current user object is now updated more frequently.
 - Updated the user interface so that system admins no longer appear editable by system/user managers in the System Console.

#### Administration

>  - Added support for a new Export storage and a presigned URL generation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Added support for a separate Export storage and S3 presigned URLs generation for downloading the export files.
```

>  - Using ``https://github.com/reduxjs/redux-devtools`` in production builds is now allowed.

Reviewer 3: are we talking for the webapp part only?

Reviewer 4: Yes, that's correct.

 - Added a new feature flag, ``DataRetentionConcurrencyEnabled``, to enable/disable concurrency for data retention batch deletion. Also added a new configuration setting  ``DataRetentionSettings.TimeBetweenBatchesMilliseconds`` to control the sleep time between batch deletions.
 - Added a setting under **System Console > Authentication > Guest Access > Show Guest Tag** to remove the **Guest** badges from within the product.
- Added Apache 2.0 license to the public submodule, explicitly signalling to [pkg.go.dev](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/mattermost/mattermost/server/public@v0.0.6) the license in play for this source code.
 - Added the ability for admins to hide or customize the **Forgot password** link on the login page.

>  - The ``mattermost database reset`` command no longer starts the application server. It will only start the store layer and truncate the tables excluding the migrations table.

Reviewer 3: what's the alternative path for this?

Author: cc @isacikgoz

Reviewer 4: My guess would be `mattermost database reset` followed by just running `mattermost`.

Reviewer 5: There should be no alternative path for this one. Previously we were starting the App which could prevent the `database reset` command to run if another app instance was running with the same configuration. Since we already have a confirm mechanism, I think it would be safe to have it this way.

 - Prepackaged v1.2.2 of the Apps plugin.
 - Prepackaged Focalboard plugin version 7.11.2.
 - Prepackaged Playbooks plugin version 1.38.0.
 - The current user object is now updated more frequently.
 - Updated the user interface so that system admins no longer appear editable by system/user managers in the System Console.

#### Administration
 - Added support for a separate Export storage and S3 presigned URLs generation for downloading the export files.
 - Using ``https://github.com/reduxjs/redux-devtools`` in production builds is now allowed.
 - Added a new feature flag, ``DataRetentionConcurrencyEnabled``, to enable/disable concurrency for data retention batch deletion. Also added a new configuration setting  ``DataRetentionSettings.TimeBetweenBatchesMilliseconds`` to control the sleep time between batch deletions.
 - Added a setting under **System Console > Authentication > Guest Access > Show Guest Tag** to remove the **Guest** badges from within the product.
- Added Apache 2.0 license to the public submodule, explicitly signalling to [pkg.go.dev](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/mattermost/mattermost/server/public@v0.0.6) the license in play for this source code.

>  - Added the ability for admins to hide or customize the **Forgot password** link on the login page.

Reviewer 6: Does https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost/pull/23831 hide the **Forgot password** option or allow admins to customize the URL for that flow? Based on the Engineering PR, leaving this option enabled/blank results in the user seeing the existing forget password workflow.

Author: cc @devinbinnie

Reviewer 7: It allows them to do either. So there's an option now to completely remove the flow and hide the link entirely, and there's also an option to change what the link is.

Author: cc @cwarnermm
